feat: Implement `det cmd describe` (#9500)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes/cli-cmd-describe.rst

> :orphan:

Reviewer: add a bug fix note about Fix a bug n error related to det cmd ls --csv

e.g., 

**Bug Fixes**

- CLI: Fix a bug where....

**New Features**

> -  CLI: Add the ability to fetch metadata of a single command using ``det cmd describe COMMAND_ID``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CLI: Add a new command, ``det cmd describe COMMAND_ID`` to allow users to fetch the metadata ofr a single command.
- ```
